Elena
someone burned down your house with you
inside do you know anyone that would do
this one day you wake up and your life
is settled
and you know who you are
or at least you think you do this is MIA
everyone she's new she's shaken yeah
do you even know anything about this
woman I saw her sleeping in her car you
rent it to a homeless person you know it
felt good helping I've been meaning to
hire someone for my house you should do
a little light cleaning some laundry
you mean to be here maid I meant more of
a house helper did I do the right thing
running from the truth a good mother
makes good choice it doesn't make good
choices who had good choices
have you really looked at yourself
the parts you're not afraid to look at
you
[Applause]
[Music]
you